Added FixedStringObject to capture VHDL strings (#5703)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/5457.feature.rst

> Created a new datatype called `FixedStringObject` to represent fixed-length strings in VHDL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :class:`~cocotb.handles.FixedStringObject` to represent fixed-length strings in VHDL.
```

> Created a new datatype called `FixedStringObject` to represent fixed-length strings in VHDL. This datatype inherits from the existing `StringObject` class and overrides the `_set_value` method to ensure that the value being set does not exceed the maximum length of the string. If the value is shorter than the maximum length, it is padded with null characters to match the required length. If the value is longer than the maximum length, a `ValueError` is raised.

Reviewer: This is overly detailed. Just the first sentence is fine.
